


1. Facial attribute recognition (image)

Dataset: [lfw](http://vis-www.cs.umass.edu/lfw/) or [CelebA](http://mmlab.ie.cuhk.edu.hk/projects/CelebA.html)

CelebA is a large-scale face attributes dataset containing over 200,000
celebrity images with 40 attribute labels per image, including labels for
facial attributes like hair color, facial expression, and presence of glasses.

Description: Facial attribute recognition involves classifying various facial
attributes, such as hair color, presence of glasses, facial expression, and
other characteristics, in a given image. Using the CelebA dataset, the task is
to develop a machine learning model capable of accurately identifying and
classifying these attributes in celebrity images. This problem is valuable for
applications in image editing software, personalized marketing, and
human-computer interaction. By training a model to recognize facial
attributes, one can enable intelligent systems to understand and respond to
diverse facial features, leading to improved user experiences in various
domains.


2. Sentiment Analysis on Twitter Data (text)

Dataset:
[Sentiment140](https://drive.google.com/u/0/uc?id=0B04GJPshIjmPRnZManQwWEdTZjg&export=download)
([description](http://help.sentiment140.com/for-students/)

Description: Perform sentiment analysis on Twitter data to classify tweets as
positive, negative, or neutral. Sentiment analysis on social media data is
widely used for brand monitoring, market research, and understanding public
opinion.

3. Speech Emotion Recognition (sound)

Description: Speech emotion recognition involves classifying human emotions
(such as happiness, sadness, anger) based on audio signals. This technology
finds applications in customer service, mental health, and human-computer
interaction. The project focuses on building a system that accurately detects
emotions from spoken words.

DATASET: [ravdess](https://zenodo.org/records/1188976)

4. Predictive Maintenance for Industrial Equipment

Description: Predictive maintenance involves using historical data to predict
when industrial equipment is likely to fail, allowing for timely maintenance
and reducing unplanned downtime. This project aims to develop a machine
learning model using sensor data from the equipment to forecast potential
failures, enabling businesses to schedule maintenance activities efficiently.


Dataset : [NASA Prognostics Center Data Repository](https://www.nasa.gov/intelligent-systems-division/discovery-and-systems-health/pcoe/pcoe-data-set-repository/)


